VoiceOver navigation not supported + Twilio IPs (#3113)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/features/audio-capture.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/audio.png')} alt="Mobile app settings navigation" width="300"/>
:::

:::caution Network Requirements

> We are using Twilio's webrtc service in order to stream audio from a Real Device to your computer. If you can't hear any audio, please make sure your network does not block connection to the service. You can check it by running a dedicated [Network Test](https://networktest.twilio.com/). If your network team allows to open only specific IPs you can find the list here: [https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/ip-addresses](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/ip-addresses)

Reviewer: Nitpicking. I think this might be too verbose. Prefer the following format:
```suggestion
If audio can't be heard, make sure the [network requirements](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/ip-addresses) from Twilio are respected. It is possible to check compliance using the following [network test](https://networktest.twilio.com/).
```

Author: I like the suggestion, but we need to explain what Twilio is doing here. Let me edit it a little.

> We are using Twilio's webrtc service in order to stream audio from a Real Device to your computer. If you can't hear any audio, please make sure your network does not block connection to the service. You can check it by running a dedicated [Network Test](https://networktest.twilio.com/). If your network team allows to open only specific IPs you can find the list here: [https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/sdks/network-connectivity-requirements](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/sdks/network-connectivity-requirements)

Reviewer: It's really confusing but this is the real documentation you're looking for https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/ip-addresses

Author: Fixed
